# CS-340-Project-Two
How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?

The way to write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable is to follow structure of variables, functions and classes. This way whenever we repeat code or have similar code, we can replicate our code in similar fashions. This helps with explanation of complex coding and documentation. The advantage of using the CRUD Python module was to be able to interact with MongoDB and access the database information. The use of the CRUD python module can be used in the future for other dashboard assignments or projects that would require the use of MongoDB collections. 

How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?

As a computer scientist, the approach to a problem is very important as it can help avoid being overwhelmed with the work. Understanding the general requirements for a project and its uses would be the first step that I would look into. The break down of steps has really helped me control the work that I do in smaller series. It helps with effeciency and avoiding errors. I did feel like this assignment was a lot of DIY work with having to consistently refer to the resources provided. There were many applications that contributed to the creation of the project and at times it was overwhelming. Throughout this course, I have had to find outside resources as well in order to get proper clarification on how to tackle a problem that I have been stuck on. The integration of using MongoDB is something that I would use in the future for creating and manipulating databases. I did enjoy that the database work was on a separate application that was pretty simple to understand and mess around with.

What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?

Computer scientists help with the development of data structures and algorithms in order to solve the problems that are presented to them. This can be creating and managing a system that process information, designing and analyzing applications and how they work, or research for new ways to innovate their space around them. The type of work that was done on this project helps with the ease of access to information in the form of a dashboard. The creation of this dashboard is to make it easier for the animal shelter employees to navigate through their database and understand the data that is presented to them. The dashboard would optimize operations for Grazioso Salvare in the end.
